lib/logstorage: fix result_prefix handling unpack_* pipes (#684)
VictoriaMetrics/VictoriaLogs: docs/victorialogs/CHANGELOG.md

* BUGFIX: all [Enterprise version of VictoriaLogs](https://docs.victoriametrics.com/victoriametrics/enterprise/): fix support for automatic issuing of TLS certificates for HTTPS server via Let's Encrypt service using TLS-ALPN-01 challenge. See [Automatic issuing of TLS certificates](https://docs.victoriametrics.com/victorialogs/#automatic-issuing-of-tls-certificates) for more info.
* BUGFIX: all components: lower severity of the log message for unavailable [Pressure Stall Information (PSI) metrics](https://docs.kernel.org/accounting/psi.html) from ERROR to INFO level. See [this issue](https://github.com/VictoriaMetrics/metrics/pull/101) for details.
* BUGFIX: all components: properly expose metadata for summaries and histograms in VictoriaMetrics components with enabled `-metrics.exposeMetadata` cmd-line flag. See [metrics#98](https://github.com/VictoriaMetrics/metrics/issues/98) for details.

> * BUGFIX: [LogsQL](https://docs.victoriametrics.com/victorialogs/logsql/): properly handle `result_prefix` for [unpack_json](https://docs.victoriametrics.com/victorialogs/logsql/#unpack_json-pipe) and [unpack_logfmt](https://docs.victoriametrics.com/victorialogs/logsql/#unpack_logfmt-pipe) pipes. See [#671](https://github.com/VictoriaMetrics/VictoriaLogs/issues/671) for more details.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* BUGFIX: [LogsQL](https://docs.victoriametrics.com/victorialogs/logsql/): properly account for `result_prefix` in [unpack_json](https://docs.victoriametrics.com/victorialogs/logsql/#unpack_json-pipe), [unpack_logfmt](https://docs.victoriametrics.com/victorialogs/logsql/#unpack_logfmt-pipe), and [unpack_syslog](https://docs.victoriametrics.com/victorialogs/logsql/#unpack_syslog-pipe) pipes, restoring the expected counts for pipelines that reference only the prefixed fields with `result_prefix`. See [#671](https://github.com/VictoriaMetrics/VictoriaLogs/issues/671) for more details.
```
